Update the README (#12)
DFE-Digital/refer-serious-misconduct: README.md

> # Refer Serious Misconduct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Refer serious misconduct by a teacher
```

> A step-by-step guide to reporting a teacher for serious misconduct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service that allows people to report a teacher for serious misconduct.
```

## Dependencies

- Ruby 3.x
- Node.js 16.x
- Yarn 1.22.x
- PostgreSQL 13.x
- Redis 6.x

## Local development dependencies

- Graphviz 2.22+ (brew install graphviz) to generate the [domain model diagram](#domain-model)

## How the application works

> Refer Serious Misconduct is a monolithic Rails app built with the GOVUK Design System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer serious misconduct is a monolithic Rails app built with the GOVUK Design System.
```
